Add BEFT as a new PEFT method (#3195)
huggingface/peft: docs/source/package_reference/beft.md

<!--Copyright 2026 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

# BEFT: Bias-Efficient Fine-Tuning of Language Models in Low-Data Regimes

[BEFT](https://arxiv.org/abs/2509.15974) finds that only fine-tuning the added bias terms of value projections from a pretrained transformers model, 
generally leads to higher downstream performance in low-data regimes, in comparison to fine-tuning the added bias terms of query/key projections.

BEFT currently has the following tradeoffs:

Pros:

> - BEFT requires much more fewer parameters than LoRA, while maintaining competitive or superior performance across tasks in low-data regimes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BEFT requires far fewer parameters than LoRA, while maintaining competitive or superior performance across tasks in low-data regimes. 
```

Author: ok, modified.
